Leetcode discussion/ReadMe.md, before:

It is time for me to share my practice on Leetcode.com discussion panel.

I like to encourage myself to share my code on Leetcode discussion. I learn so many things from those people sharing on Leetcode discussion panel. I like to be one of them. 

August 9, 2018

Leetcode 437:

http://juliachencoding.blogspot.com/2018/08/leetcode-437-path-sum-iii.html

https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum-iii/discuss/158397/C-solution-with-time-complexity-O(N)-N-is-total-nodes-of-tree.

Leetcode 501:

http://juliachencoding.blogspot.com/2018/08/leetcode-501-find-mode-in-binary-search.html

https://leetcode.com/problems/find-mode-in-binary-search-tree/discuss/158400/C-solution-Design-should-be-simplified


I will share more practice later. I also will add those links I shared before. 

Sept. 9, 2018

Leetcode.com does not provide product feature to look up discuss shared by a player. Google search result will only show at most 20 results of my discuss. 

Google search: Leetcode leetcode jianmin.chen.39

[Here](https://www.google.ca/search?q=leetcode+jianmin.chen.39&rlz=1C1GCEA_enCA759CA759&oq=leetcode+jianmin.chen.39&aqs=chrome..69i57.3359j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8) is the link:

Commit message:

plan to add my discuss sharing.

Leetcode discussion/ReadMe.md, after:

It is time for me to share my practice on Leetcode.com discussion panel.

I like to encourage myself to share my code on Leetcode discussion. I learn so many things from those people sharing on Leetcode discussion panel. I like to be one of them. 

August 9, 2018

[Leetcode 437](http://juliachencoding.blogspot.com/2018/08/leetcode-437-path-sum-iii.html)

[Leetcode 437 Julia's discuss link](https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum-iii/discuss/158397/C-solution-with-time-complexity-O(N)-N-is-total-nodes-of-tree)


[Leetcode 501](http://juliachencoding.blogspot.com/2018/08/leetcode-501-find-mode-in-binary-search.html), [the discuss link](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-mode-in-binary-search-tree/discuss/158400/C-solution-Design-should-be-simplified)


I will share more practice later. I also will add those links I shared before. 

Sept. 9, 2018

Leetcode.com does not provide product feature to look up discuss shared by a player. Google search result will only show at most 20 results of my discuss. 

Google search: Leetcode leetcode jianmin.chen.39

[Here](https://www.google.ca/search?q=leetcode+jianmin.chen.39&rlz=1C1GCEA_enCA759CA759&oq=leetcode+jianmin.chen.39&aqs=chrome..69i57.3359j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8) is the link.

Sept. 13, 2018

I like to list all my sharings on Tree easy level algorithms, Array easy level algorithms, Math easy level algorithms.
